In "Return of the Ancients"
we
added a series of challenges to Path of Exile 2 for the first time.
For every two completed challenges,
you will receive a piece of the
"Knights of Aldur" armor set,
so give it a try.
To see your progress and requirements for
completing challenges,
simply press "H" to open the window.
There are a total of eight challenges,
ranging from fairly easy to
fairly difficult.
To complete "The Rune Seeker",
you must find relics with an increasing
number of slots
and use them to craft
items.
Crafting with seven slots can
be difficult with six waves of opponents,
so you
should be well prepared for this fight.  There are
many optional bosses throughout the campaign.
To complete "The Hunter",
you must defeat six of them.
The last two, "Akthi, the Last Sting"
and "Anundr, the Sandworm",
can be a little difficult to find in the Khari Crossing
.
Follow the riverbed to
locate them.
You'll find their arena at the end.
For "The Ascendant"
you need all eight points
of your Ascendance class by
completing all Ascendance exams.
Getting those last two points can be quite challenging.  To do
this, you must either defeat Zarokh in the fourth level
of the Sekhemas Trial,
or the Trial Master in the Trial of Chaos
by finding all three keys.
Of the two, the Trial of Chaos will take
much longer, as you have to complete the trial several
times,
but the Trial of Sekhemas
is much more challenging.
It is therefore up to you which
path you want to take.
"The Reliquary" is simple.
Identifies 50 different
unique items.
You just can't find any?
Jado, the master of the Atlas, has many skills
that will help you find them.
To complete "The Artisan,"
you will need to use several different crafting items
obtained from relic encounters.
For "The Cartographer"
you need to assign your entire atlas tree.
All 300 points.
Either you choose the slow route and
complete all the maps within the fortress.
Or you can choose the other path.
Each time you defeat the "Judge of Divinity,"
you will be given the opportunity to
automatically complete a large area of ​​the fortress.
The keys to this battle can
be found in citadels in the Atlas.
Each one is marked with a beam
that you can see through the fog.
After you have defeated the final boss four times,
the entire fortress will be completed.
And then we have
"The Conqueror."
This challenge requires
killing three final bosses,
the most difficult fights in the game.
Tangmazu,
the Bodach
and the Vessel of Kulemak.
These are the final bosses of the Delirium,
Ritual, and Abyss leagues,
so you will need to
complete all three quest lines for this challenge.
Speaking of "Vessel of Kulemak",
you have to defeat this boss on the highest
difficulty level.
This means you have to risk the item
during the fight
by putting the finger back
and defeating him anyway.
As mentioned previously,
you will receive pieces of the armor set for every two completed challenges
,
so you don't have to complete them all
to receive rewards.
But if you manage it,
you can show off,
because everyone in the global chat or forums can see
how many challenges you have completed.
You will also receive the Totem
Hideout decoration for your hideout,
so that all players who trade with you
can see
how well you have done in this league
.
Try these challenges and more
on May 29th in "Return of the Ancients".
Thanks for watching and see you later!